MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 nantokaworks

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

DISCLAIMER:

This is an unofficial plugin that is NOT affiliated with, endorsed by, or 
supported by Dev47Apps (the makers of DroidCam). 

"DroidCam" is a trademark of Dev47Apps. This plugin is an independent project 
created to enhance the functionality of DroidCam through Stream Deck integration.

This plugin uses DroidCam's HTTP API for communication. By using this plugin, 
you acknowledge that:

1. This software is provided on an "as is" basis
2. The author is not responsible for any damage or issues arising from its use
3. DroidCam's terms of service apply to the use of DroidCam itself
4. This plugin may stop working if DroidCam's API changes

For support with DroidCam itself, please contact Dev47Apps directly at:
https://www.dev47apps.com/

For issues specific to this Stream Deck plugin, please use the GitHub Issues:
https://github.com/nantokaworks/streamdeck-droidcam/issues